[DOCS-13376] Add preview callout for ML-based PII detection (#34507)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/sensitive_data_scanner/scanning_rules/_index.md

  text: Visually identify and prioritize security risks using Cloudcraft
---

{{< callout url="https://www.datadoghq.com/product-preview/phone-number-physical-address-pii-detection-in-logs-using-machine-learning/" btn_hidden="false" >}}

> Phone number and physical address PII detection in logs using machine learning is in Preview. To enroll, click <b>Request Access</b>.

Author: ```suggestion
Phone number and physical address PII detection in logs using machine learning are in Preview. To enroll, click <b>Request Access</b>.
```

> PII detection for human names, phone numbers, and physical addresses in logs using machine learning is in Preview. To enroll, click <b>Request Access</b>.

Author: ```suggestion
Phone number and physical address PII detection in logs using machine learning is in Preview. To enroll, click <b>Request Access</b>.
```
